Ah, Mr. Yang
You don't know
This dead girl has been lazy since she was a child
Don't study hard when you grow up
He also seduced his coach for this competition
Do such a vulgar thing
I wouldn't dare to have such a daughter
Mr. Yang has a moral problem
How could he be our VIP?
Besides, don't let them get away with it
Otherwise they can do anything
What he does best is deceive people
You must not be fooled by him
Bitch, you haven't been honest
How did you trick Mr. Yang?
Tell me now if you don't believe me or not
Otherwise, what do you want?
Mr. Yang, of course I want this rice bucket to look good
Mr. Yang, don't worry.
I must have a way to make this bitch
Hand over your crimes
You rice bucket, hurry up and say it
How did you deceive Mr. Yang?
If you don't say it again
I'll strip off your clothes and pull out the oil for dieting
You have to include my clothes.
Then Stamp World
That's right to make you not listen to me
Hurry up and be honest, how did you coax Mr. Yang?
You go too far.